We need all of these tasks completed.  We shold do one task at a time.  Each task needs to have tests front end and back end created for it and it needs
to pas before going to the next task.  At the start of each task start a new full stack developer agent to do the actual work.  ALso look for the 
> @.github/workflows/  that need to pass as well.  Once a task is test and it works git commit and move on to the next task.  Remember its important
to init a new full stack developer before every task.

Break up the following notes into the individual tasks and create a tasks.md file that you will update as each task has been completed.
Once all tasks are finished let the user know!


When we have an allocation to a location, and we rename that locations name it loses its reference to that allocation.


Features:
Tool support, just like parts but we need to track tools. The part setup does not work well for tools.  Since you usually have on
of the tool not like 5000 resistors.  So we should ultrathink about a new model setup to where we can support tools, they will still use 
everthing else like categories, locations etc.  Perhaps not analytics like "low stock" etc.  I do think we want support the ability to put tools 
and parts in the same container perhaps,  IE a small toolbox might have some parts and tools together.  

Tags,
We want to be able to tag a part or a tool.  These are light lightweight projects if you will but just a tag (string) is all it attaches to.
I had a issue where I added a part but was not read to print the label yet I needed to update the suppiler code but wanted to remember to do this
so if we had a tag we could #todo or #testing etc.

Part models support favorites, I would like to be able to star parts to add them to my favorites too.  If i have a particular part I use alot lets
have a way to favoite it.

Locations, when adding the SMT containers (single space) I quickly realized its very tedious.  We need to expand the location builder. Perhaps we 
can support cloning (which would clone the location but give it a random name) or you can set the name? This would copy everthing (even the
parent location),  
Loactions, when creating a location name for my smt cassets I just used a number like 1  2 3 4 this was ok but kind of lame I think perhap we could 
support in the location builder setting how many loactions (cassets in this case) we wanted to build and it would auto name these based off of 
a templating idea.  Say the first one we build it SMT Casset - {rand:4} this way the 10 (if we set to create 10 of these) would have random location
names.  SMT Casset - AV4D etc..  Or perhaps we could support something like {seq:01-10}  or comnination something like {seq:01-10}-{rand:2} ultrathink
the best way to do this.  We already have a templating setup for the printer labels perhaps we should rip this out to it so source code file
(use your best judgement on where to put it) and then use it in both places (maybe elsewhere too)

Bugs
When updating a location after its been make and it has a image, it loses it's image when it gets updated.  Lets fix this.

When adding a part the emoji does not save even when we set one on the inital save.  If we edit that part and add one then it does save. Lets fix
this bug.

Feature Database:
Out database code on settings we need to check out and make sure its complete and working.  Specifically we are saving suppliers, images, favicons
for suppliers, credentials for suppliers (I think we put this in the env file right now but we might want to put this in the db) we want 
this to be completely simple to restore from a file backup.  Which means I think we are going to need some code that will bundle the db fileand
all of the images, datasheets, etc that get downloaded.

Enrichment:
Our datasheets for digikey, mouser, lcsc are not working, in fact I am not sure that we all use the same additional property for this.  We should 
standardize where datasheet goes for additional properties this way the ui does not have to learn each place to look for each supplier it supports.
In the backend supplier code this can be dealt with by moving datasheet url to whatever we decide on for the additional property.  This will not be
on every part as an additional property it will be when the supplier supports it we will just set the right key value. We also need to check
and see how the frontend works for displaying the datasheet it should have the code for this but I know its not working.

AI:
Enabling the AI for ollama is not really working its janky and errors lets take a closer look at this.  Also the ai prompt was teaching it sql to 
do lookups etc.  But i think this is not right we should just tell it about the api for the server OR we should setup a mcp server for thisproject
but I am not sure which is the best way to go since we are using 7b models by default to do things for us.

projects
On the projects page we see the parts that are used in the project details view when clicked.  I want a button  that we can remove the part from the 
project from that view. like a X or something or the trashcan logo etc something we have used already in the site for consistency.

